I'm Anthony patricelli number thirteen
for the Brooks bandits and I'm
connoisseur of all goal celebrations and
this is my show beat my Sally
i'm here with patrick leave for for the
brooks planets Patrick tell me where you
from from Calgary Alberta okay what kind
of player you can see yourself
goalscorer playmaker I like to think I
was a little score but more playmaker
okay well when you do bury one do you
think you have great cellies yeah the
best do you think you'd be my cellie
hundred percent here we go
so it seems a the panel like you're a
little celebration there what were you
trying to do exactly the call of duty
jump shoot not sure what it is I don't
play call of duty but do you think you
executed well yeah yeah absolutely
where'd you get the idea from Jeremy
burns and Matt Tyson years ago do you
think is better than mine I don't think
so but you know is it's great effort was
it wasn't thanks for watching my show
stay tuned for next week's beat my celly
see if someone can take over my
championship follow me at petro magic 13